README.md, before:

# chatGPT-discord-bot

> ### This is a project that provides you to build your own Discord bot using ChatGPT
>
> ⭐️ A star would be highly appreciated

## Features

* `/chat [message]` Chat with ChatGPT!
* `/private` ChatGPT switch to private mode
* `/public`  ChatGPT switch to public  mode
* `/reset`   ChatGPT conversation history will be erased

### Chat

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206497774-47d960cd-1aeb-4fba-9af5-1f9d6ff41f00.gif)
### Mode
* `public mode (default)`  the bot directly reply on the channel

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206565977-d7c5d405-fdb4-4202-bbdd-715b7c8e8415.gif)
* `private mode` the bot's reply can only be seen by who use the command

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206565873-b181e600-e793-4a94-a978-47f806b986da.gif)

# Setup

## Install

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

dependencies: Reverse Engineered ChatGPT by OpenAI [here](https://github.com/acheong08/ChatGPT) and discord.py

## Step 1: Create a Discord bot

1. Go to https://discord.com/developers/applications create an application
2. Build a Discord bot under the application
3. Get the token from bot setting

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949161-4b508c6d-19a7-49b6-b8ed-7525ddbef430.png)
4. Store the token to `config.json` under the `discord_bot_token`

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949488-f3f2903d-7fb8-4be3-a703-2174535b3cd7.png)
5. Turn MESSAGE CONTENT INTENT `ON`

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949323-4354bd7d-9bb9-4f4b-a87e-deb9933a89b5.png)
6. Invite your bot through OAuth2 URL Generator

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949600-0c7ddb40-7e82-47a0-b59a-b089f929d177.png)

## Step 2: Email and password authentication

Save both in `config.json`

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949713-8c0dbcca-9f63-4150-850d-bb21bac06158.png)

> **Warning**
>
> If you are logging in with a Google or Microsoft account, please use the session token method below.

## Step 2: Session token authentication

Go to https://chat.openai.com/chat log in

1. Open console with `F12`
2. Open `Application` tab > Cookies

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36258159/205494773-32ef651a-994d-435a-9f76-a26699935dac.png)
3. Copy the value for `__Secure-next-auth.session-token` and paste it into `config.json` under `session_token`. You do not need to fill out `email` and `password`

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205950188-96ae9b35-539a-4246-857d-e97e9a0bf8fd.png)

## Step 3: Run the bot

1. Open a terminal or command prompt
2. Navigate to the directory where you installed the ChatGPT Discord bot
3. Run `python main.py` to start the bot

### Have A Good Chat !

Commit message:

feat: run the bot with docker

README.md, after:

# chatGPT-discord-bot

> ### This is a project that provides you to build your own Discord bot using ChatGPT
>
> ⭐️ A star would be highly appreciated

## Features

* `/chat [message]` Chat with ChatGPT!
* `/private` ChatGPT switch to private mode
* `/public`  ChatGPT switch to public  mode
* `/reset`   ChatGPT conversation history will be erased

### Chat

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206497774-47d960cd-1aeb-4fba-9af5-1f9d6ff41f00.gif)

### Mode

* `public mode (default)`  the bot directly reply on the channel

  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206565977-d7c5d405-fdb4-4202-bbdd-715b7c8e8415.gif)
* `private mode` the bot's reply can only be seen by who use the command

  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206565873-b181e600-e793-4a94-a978-47f806b986da.gif)

# Setup

## Install

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

dependencies: Reverse Engineered ChatGPT by OpenAI [here](https://github.com/acheong08/ChatGPT) and discord.py

## Step 1: Create a Discord bot

1. Go to https://discord.com/developers/applications create an application
2. Build a Discord bot under the application
3. Get the token from bot setting

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949161-4b508c6d-19a7-49b6-b8ed-7525ddbef430.png)
4. Store the token to `config.json` under the `discord_bot_token`

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949488-f3f2903d-7fb8-4be3-a703-2174535b3cd7.png)
5. Turn MESSAGE CONTENT INTENT `ON`

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949323-4354bd7d-9bb9-4f4b-a87e-deb9933a89b5.png)
6. Invite your bot through OAuth2 URL Generator

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949600-0c7ddb40-7e82-47a0-b59a-b089f929d177.png)

## Step 2: Email and password authentication

Save both in `config.json`

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949713-8c0dbcca-9f63-4150-850d-bb21bac06158.png)

> **Warning**
>
> If you are logging in with a Google or Microsoft account, please use the session token method below.

## Step 2: Session token authentication

Go to https://chat.openai.com/chat log in

1. Open console with `F12`
2. Open `Application` tab > Cookies

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36258159/205494773-32ef651a-994d-435a-9f76-a26699935dac.png)
3. Copy the value for `__Secure-next-auth.session-token` and paste it into `config.json` under `session_token`. You do not need to fill out `email` and `password`

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205950188-96ae9b35-539a-4246-857d-e97e9a0bf8fd.png)

## Step 3: Run the bot

1. Open a terminal or command prompt
2. Navigate to the directory where you installed the ChatGPT Discord bot
3. Run `python main.py` to start the bot

## Step3: Run the bot with docker

1. Build the Docker image `docker build -t chatgpt-discord-bot --platform linux/amd64 .`
2. Run the Docker container  `docker run --platform linux/amd64 -d chatgpt-discord-bot`

   ### Stop the bot:

   * Use `docker ps` to see the list of running services
   * Use `docker stop <BOT CONTAINER ID>` to stop the running bot

### Have A Good Chat !
